docs: add cluster profile version section (#10231)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/tutorials/clusters/cluster-templates/standardize-clusters-with-cluster-templates-terraform.md

## Create a New Cluster Profile Version

The Kubecost pack provides real-time cost visibility. We recommend creating a new cluster profile version for every
change so clusters on other versions are unaffected. Create version `1.1.0` to add Kubecost. `tf-dev-cluster` and

> `tf-prod-cluster` remain on `1.0.0` for now.

Reviewer: These create steps are a bit confusing. It sounds like the user should create them manually.

The Spectro Cloud Terraform provider models each `spectrocloud_cluster_profile` resource as one profile version.
Creating a new resource with the same `name` but a different `version` registers it as a new version of the same profile
in Palette.

Set `create_new_profile_version` to `true` in `terraform.tfvars` when you are ready to create v1.1.0.

```hcl title="terraform.tfvars" hideClipboard {6}
##############################
# Hello Universe Configuration
##############################
app_port = 8080 # The cluster port number on which the service will listen for incoming traffic.

create_new_profile_version = true # Set to true to create cluster profile version 1.1.0 with Kubecost.
```

> The v1.0.0 profile and the clusters that reference it remain unaffected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Unnecessary IMHO.

### Review the New Profile Version Code

> `data.tf` includes a new data source for the `cost-analyzer` pack that is fetched only when `create_new_profile_version`

Reviewer: Confusing as you referred to it at Kubecost before and now it's cost-analyzer.

is `true`.

```hcl hideClipboard
data "spectrocloud_pack" "kubecost" {

>   count        = var.create_new_profile_version ? 1 : 0

Author: `create_new_profile_version` allows the learner to run terraform apply twice:

1. With the flag = false to deploy clusters on v1.0.0 earlier in the tutorial
2. Again with flag = true to create v1.1.0. This ensures the clusters are running before the upgrade path is introduced.

    uid    = data.spectrocloud_pack.azure_cni.id
    values = data.spectrocloud_pack.azure_cni.values
    type   = "spectro"
  }

  pack {
    name   = data.spectrocloud_pack.azure_csi.name
    tag    = data.spectrocloud_pack.azure_csi.version
    uid    = data.spectrocloud_pack.azure_csi.id
    values = data.spectrocloud_pack.azure_csi.values
    type   = "spectro"
  }

  pack {
    name   = data.spectrocloud_pack.hellouniverse.name
    tag    = data.spectrocloud_pack.hellouniverse.version
    uid    = data.spectrocloud_pack.hellouniverse.id
    values = templatefile("manifests/values-hello-universe.yaml", {
      port = var.app_port
    })
    type   = "oci"
  }

  pack {
    name = data.spectrocloud_pack.kubecost[0].name
    tag  = data.spectrocloud_pack.kubecost[0].version
    uid  = data.spectrocloud_pack.kubecost[0].id
    type = "oci"
  }

  profile_variables {
    variable {
      name          = "app_replicas"
      display_name  = "Hello Universe Replicas"
      format        = "number"
      description   = "Number of replicas for the hello-universe workload"
      default_value = "1"
      required      = true
    }
  }
}
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

> ### Apply the New Profile Version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: No need for this extra section let's just flow the text.

> With `create_new_profile_version` set to `true`, issue a `terraform plan` to preview the changes. Terraform will report

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issue the `terraform plan` command to preview the changes. Terraform reports
```

Reviewer: Remember present tense pls.

one new resource to add.

```shell
terraform plan
```

```text hideClipboard title="Expected output"
Plan: 1 to add, 0 to change, 0 to destroy.
```

Apply the changes to create the new profile version in Palette.

```shell
terraform apply -auto-approve
```

```bash hideClipboard title="Expected output"
spectrocloud_cluster_profile.aws_profile_v110[0]: Creating...
spectrocloud_cluster_profile.aws_profile_v110[0]: Creation complete after 2s [id=<profile-id>]

Apply complete! Resources: 1 added, 0 changed, 0 destroyed.
```

### Validate

In Palette, navigate to the left main menu and select **Profiles**. Select `tf-cluster-template-profile-aws` from the
profile list. Select the version drop-down beside the profile name and confirm that version `1.1.0` now appears
alongside `1.0.0`.

> Select `1.1.0` and confirm the Kubecost (cost-analyzer) pack appears in the pack list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select `1.1.0` and confirm the Kubecost pack appears in the pack list.
```

Reviewer: Explain this further up in the text instead.
